# W3C Solid Community Group: Weekly

* Date: 2022-10-19T14:00:00Z
* Call: https://meet.jit.si/solid-cg
* Chat: https://gitter.im/solid/specification
* Repository: https://github.com/solid/specification
* Status: Draft

## Present
* [Sarven Capadisli](https://csarven.ca/#i)

---

## Announcements

### Meeting Recordings and Transcripts
* No audio or video recording, or automated transcripts without consent. Meetings are transcribed and made public. If consent is withheld by anyone, recording/retention must not occur.
* Join queue to talk.


### Participation and Code of Conduct
* [Join the W3C Solid Community Group](https://www.w3.org/community/solid/join), [W3C Account Request](http://www.w3.org/accounts/request), [W3C Community Contributor License Agreement](https://www.w3.org/community/about/agreements/cla/)
* [Solid Code of Conduct](https://github.com/solid/process/blob/main/code-of-conduct.md), [Positive Work Environment at W3C: Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct](https://www.w3.org/Consortium/cepc/)
* Operating principle for effective participation is to allow access across disabilities, across country borders, and across time. Feedback on tooling and meeting timing is welcome.
* If this is your first time, welcome! please introduce yourself.


### Scribes
* name


### Introductions
* name: text

---


## Topics

* SC: Please note that unless there is a decision to change the meeting datetime, it is always on UTC time (and daylight savings time is not observed as it stands).


### Agenda and Minutes

* SC: Agenda is typically PRd at https://github.com/solid/specification/ - I'll try to post them ahead of time. (Sorry about today!)
* SC: Reviews on the PR are welcome. Want to thank TallTed as usual :)
* SC: Previous meeting's minutes are at https://github.com/solid/specification/blob/main/meetings/2022-09-14.md but you can always find prior minutes at https://github.com/solid/specification/blob/main/meetings/ .


### Panels, Task Forces, and Getting Stuff Done

* SC: This is part of the work to see how panels will continue or transition.
* SC: Some panel meetings are happening sporadically. The authorization-panel meeting is the only one that's currently marked as happening sporadically. Let's get the other panels to clarify their current states.


#### Authorization focused meetings
URL: https://github.com/solid/authorization-panel/issues/325

* SC: It is a call to organise a new meeting slot with specific items to work on.



### Current and Former Editors of Work Items

* SC: Revisit Work Items to see what needs updating. Here is one:


#### Update authorization-ucr's editors
URL: https://github.com/solid/authorization-panel/issues/309

* SC: MB showed interest and commitment. It'd be great to have another 1 or 2 co-editors.




### Server container description
URL: https://github.com/solid/specification/issues/227

